Initial docs for the Forward Internal action (#936)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: traffic-policy/actions/forward-internal/index.mdx

## Overview

> The **Forward Internal** Traffic Policy action forwards traffic to an endpoint within the same ngrok account. This is useful for routing traffic to private services through a single public endpoint.

Reviewer: this needs a loud "PRIVATE ENDPOINTS ONLY" callout

> The **Forward Internal** Traffic Policy action forwards traffic to an endpoint within the same ngrok account. This is useful for routing traffic to private services through a single public endpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Forward Internal** Traffic Policy action enables you to forward traffic from an endpoint to a private endpoint within the same ngrok account. This is useful for safely and securely routing traffic on your public endpoints to other services safely and securely, giving you the ability to choose when and how your endpoints are made publicly available.
```

> The **Forward Internal** Traffic Policy action enables you to forward traffic from an endpoint to a private endpoint within the same ngrok account. This is useful for safely and securely routing traffic on your public endpoints to other services safely and securely, giving you the ability to choose when and how your endpoints are made publicly available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Forward Internal** Traffic Policy action enables you to forward traffic from an endpoint to a private endpoint within the same ngrok account. This is useful for safely and securely routing traffic on your public endpoints to other services, giving you the ability to choose when and how your endpoints are made publicly available.
```
